their
of his
one of the video games
has everything ready for its much awaited launch in
coffeemaker
this time the title will allow us to play with around 25
characters being the vast majority of them old acquaintances of yesteryear like
the party also the sensual choel
or of course the two most charismatic fighters in the grybowski saga who
Although that is not all, we will also have four new
completely new additions
referring more exactly to the French abel to the mysterious crimson
Viper the Red Orondo and a Mexican wrestling expert nicknamed with the
name of the fort
also this version of street fighter 4 for consoles will even have
characters not even appeared in the original gaming machine
but that will be present in teams of 60 and playstation 3 as per
example Felix lion and super strict candidez and tempered NATO and Sakura
gut and tehran
Regarding its playability, the most remarkable fact is the return of Capcom to the
roots of the series to offer us an almost identical mechanics to the pipe
inter 2 so your game system will be based again on a control of
six buttons divided into three types of punches and three types of kicks
referring to the same elements that already exalted him in his day as the
number one of the genre
although all of this within a new context
very much improved thanks to the great potential of the current platforms
The characters are now shown in three dimensions under one style
visual between the pse and live quite colorful
giving the impression of being painted with watercolors the perspective of the fire
it's still the classic
jaén December 2 so the fighters will only move to the right and
left to weigh
is that when doing some
existential the camera will show off some sensational effects
but if rotations in 3d
On the other hand, the scenarios present a more detailed and profound aspect that
never though again as it is
any type of elements with which we can interact or use
beyond the own lateral margins of each level where we can
corner our rival
already to conclude we do not want to mention the fact that in addition to the
usual game modes the title will also give full support for
online multiplayer games
One against one
allowing us to be assigned for the rest of users to
show who is the best
gutter iter player of the world through playstation network
and x2 the law
in fifa and t4 it promises to make us relive the same sensations and experiences
with which we already enjoyed the day
of the 90s to delight fans to countless fans of this
menera the saga although we still have to wait until he
next February 20 to be able to enjoy it in all its fullness
It is also confirmed that we received two editions, a normal one
another collector
including in the latter various gifts as a figure of
crimson viper
an extra disc with a high definition animation movie created
especially for game launch
a mini-guide in comic format with the movements and history of each character
or exclusive downloadable content